Update faq.md (#286)
Vimux/Mainroad: exampleSite/content/docs/faq.md

    name: FAQ
---

> 

Reviewer: I use 120 as a maximum line length for Mainroad markdown content (exceptions: long links and code blocks, etc.). My fault. I need to mention this in the guidelines or set up automatic validation in the future.

I'm not sure what editing tools you use, so let me know if you can fix this on your end?

Author: Understood; I tried to go through and format for length.

> 

Reviewer: One more thing: trim single spaces at the end of lines. See [285#pullrequestreview-893651388](https://github.com/Vimux/Mainroad/pull/285#pullrequestreview-893651388) for more info.

Author: Will do!

## General questions

### Do I need to have prior experience before proceeding with the Mainroad theme?

**Yes.** You'll need to be familiar with Hugo before proceeding.
[Our docs section]({{< ref "/docs/_index.md" >}} "Mainroad theme documentation") is intended for intermediate to 

> advanced users anddevelopers. Our documentation may still be helpful to users with minimal experience, but are not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
advanced users and developers. Our documentation may still be helpful to users with minimal experience, but are not 
```
